Allow complete control of shouldIndex logic by DataObjects (#21)
silverstripeltd/silverstripe-forager: docs/en/customising_more.md

This method can be added to multiple extensions.

When an extension to `DataObjectDocument` can add this method to arbitrarily update all
DataObject documents before they are handed off to the indexer. This method is called after the `DocumentBuilder` has applied its own metadata.

When an extension to a DataObject has this method, it is used to update the document for
just that record.

### canIndexInSearch(): bool

> A DataObject extension implementing this method can supply custom logic for determining
> if the record should be indexed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DataObject extension that allows you to add supplementary logic to the 
`shouldIndex()` method for determining whether a record should be indexed.
```

> ### shouldIndex(): bool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### overrideShouldIndex(): bool
```

> A DataObject extension implementing this method _completely_ overrides the default logic
> for determining if the record should be indexed. This should be used with caution, as it
> foregoes standard checks regarding the record's visibility, publication status, etc. In
> most cases, you should use `canIndexInSearch()` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DataObject implementing this method _completely_ overrides the default logic provided by `shouldIndex()` for 
determining if the record should be indexed.

**Use with caution**, as it foregoes standard checks regarding the record's visibility, publication status, etc. In 
most cases, you should use `canIndexInSearch()` instead.
```
